--------------------------------------------------------[ YAHTZEE V1 README ]--

Author:  Taylor Durrer
Date:    August 11, 2015

--------------------------------------------------------[    DESCRIPTION    ]--

This is the first phase of remaking an old Yahtzee game I made during 10th 
grade in high school.  I wanted to use what I learned after a year at UCSD to
make a much-improved version of the old game.  The goal of this phase was to
make a largely similar version of the old game with much better underlying
code.  This version is much more object-oriented and modular.  This may not
have been the best way to code this particular game, however I learned a lot
about object oriented programming at school so that is what I wanted to 
practice.  I wanted to keep this version almost identical to the old version so
the only difference would be the underlying code improvements.  I did, however,
make a few improvements including: making the window resizable, improving the
layout, and adding the ability to score after any roll (not just after the
third roll).

--------------------------------------------------------[    COMPILATION    ]--

To compile this program, enter the following on the command line within the 
Yahtzee_V1 directory:

	$ ant dist

To run this program after successfully compiling, enter the following on the 
command line within the Yahtzee_V1 directory.

	$ java -jar dist/Yahtzee_V1.jar

Alternatively, locate the file named Yahtzee_V1.jar within Yahtzee_V1/dist/ and
double-click the jar file to launch the game.

-------------------------------------------------------[ GAME  INSTRUCTIONS ]--

Yahtzee Instructions (adapted from Hasbro's official Yahtzee Instructions)

Object
- Roll dice for scoring combinations, and get the highest total score.

Game Summary
- On each turn, roll the dice up to 3 times to get the highest scoring
  combination for one of 13 categories.  After you finish rolling, you must
  place a score or a zero in one of the 13 categories on the score card.  The
  game ends when all the categories are filled.  Scores are totaled throughout
  the game, including any bonus points.

How to Play
EACH ROUND
- Each round you may roll the dice up to 3 times, although you may stop and 
  score after your first or second roll.  To roll the dice, click the roll
  button.

- First roll:
  > Click the roll button to automatically roll all 5 dice, regardless of 
    whether some dice appear held or not.  Set any "keepers" aside by clicking
    the corresponding hold buttons.  You may stop and score now, or roll again.

- Second roll:
  > Reroll ANY or ALL dice you want - even "keepers" from the previous roll.
    You don't need to declare which combination you're rolling for; you may 
    change your mind after any roll.  You may stop and score after your second
    roll, or set aside any "keepers" and roll a third time.

- Third and final roll:
  > Reroll ANY or ALL dice you want.  After your third roll, you must fill in
    a category on the score card with a score or a zero by clicking the 
    corresponding score button.  After you click a score button, the round is
    over.

SCORING
- When you are finished rolling, decide which category to fill in on the score
  card.  For each game, there is a column of 13 score categories.  You must
  fill a category during each round; if you can't (or don't want to) select a
  score, you must select zero.  Select each category only once, in any order, 
  depending on your best scoring option.

- The score card is divided into an Upper Section and a Lower Section.  Scoring
  combinations for each section are explained below.

  Upper Section:		Score:
	Ones			Total of ones only
	Twos			Total of twos only
	Threes			Total of threes only
	Fours			Total of fours only
	Fives			Total of fives only
	Sixes			Total of sixes only

- To score in the Upper Section, only the dice with the same number as the 
  category are added for each corresponding category.  For example, if you roll
  3 3 3 2 4, you could score 9 in the Threes category, 2 in the Twos category,
  or 4 in the Fours category.

- Your goal in the Upper Section is to score a total of at least 63 points to
  earn a 35-point bonus.  The bonus points are based on scoring three of each
  number (Ones through Sixes); however, you may earn the bonus with any 
  combination of scores totaling 63 points or more.

  Lower Section:		Score:
	3 of a Kind		Total of all 5 dice
	4 of a Kind		Total of all 5 dice
	Full House		25 points
	Small Straight		30 points
	Large Straight		40 points
	Yahtzee			50 points
	Chance			Total of all 5 dice

- Each of the Lower Section scoring combinations is explained below.

- 3 of a Kind:
  > Score in this category only if the dice include 3 or more of the same 
    number.  For example, if you roll 5 5 5 2 1, you could score 18 points in
    the 3 of a Kind category.

- 4 of a Kind:
  > Score in this category only if the dice include 4 or more of the same 
    number.  For example, if you roll 2 2 2 2 6, you could score 14 points in
    the 4 of a Kind category.

- Full House:
  > Score in this category only if the dice show three of one number and two of
    another.  Any Full House is worth 25 points.  For example, if you roll
    3 3 3 5 5, you could score 25 points in the Full House category.

- Small Straight:
  > Score in this category only if the dice show any sequence of four numbers.
    Any Small Straight is worth 30 points.  You could score 30 points in the
    Small Straight category if 4 out of the 5 dice are any of the following
    combinations: 1 2 3 4, 2 3 4 5, or 3 4 5 6.

- Large Straight:
  > Score in this category only if the dice show any sequence of five numbers.
    Any Large Straight is worth 40 points.  You could score 40 points in the 
    Large Straight category with either of these two dice combinations:
    1 2 3 4 5 or 2 3 4 5 6.

- Yahtzee:
  > Score in this category only if the dice show five of the same number (5 of
    a kind).  Any Yahtzee is worth 50 points.  For example, if you roll 
    4 4 4 4 4, you could score 50 points in the Yahtzee category.

- Chance:
  > Score the total of any 5 dice in this category.  This catch-all category 
    comes in handy when you can't (or don't want to) score in another category,
    and don't want to enter a zero.  For example, if you roll 1 4 5 6 6, you
    could score 22 points in the Chance category.

ENDING A GAME
- Once you have filled all 13 score categories, the game is over.  The Grand
  Total is your total score for the game.
